I was the first to start studying the Bible.
After that, I started studying too.
After watching them for a year, I began studying too.
Since our parents had stopped studying,
only three of us went to the meetings.
We saved our allowance to take the bus to meetings,
but sometimes, when we were short of money,
my sisters let me ride the bus since I'm the youngest,
and they would walk.
We used to walk an hour and a half each way.
Meetings were so important to us that we never felt it was a burden.
May 2007. For me, it was October 2006.
I was baptized in October 2005.
Three years later, I spent a week with a special pioneer
who were serving in the countryside.
We prayed together every night,
and read life stories from the watchtower.
I told Jehovah, I wanted to be just like her.
Although my relatives were unhappy with my decision,
with Jehovah's help, I decided to become a pioneer.
I followed her example and I became a pioneer too.
I was working six days a week to support my family,
so I prayed to Jehovah for the opportunity to become a pioneer.
After my boss reduced my work to five days a week,
I started pioneering.
Pioneer service gives you the opportunity to serve to have a more fully.
Working closely with Jehovah, I really feel part of his family.
My relationship with Jehovah has gotten stronger.
When I pray now, it feels like I'm talking to my close friend.
It allows you to expand your ministry.
I became a special pioneer in June 2013.
I've served up Bethel since September 2013.
In April 2014, I was appointed a special pioneer.
Now I can serve Jehovah more fully.
My appreciation for Jehovah has deepened.
Our mother who deposed us became a pioneer too.
Food time services really awesome.